---
title: "Freedom Art Shop "
date: 2022-06-22T22:00:00.000Z
image: /images/gagarin_digital_illustration_shinkai_makoto__seiji_yoshida_styl_9c8e92aa-92c6-4608-bb01-cfba900ccf63.png
tags:
  - portfolio project
  - Ukrainian people
  - freedom
  - independence
  - culture
  - language
  - art
  - digital art
  - creativity
  - Ukrainian army
  - support
  - donation
draft: false
---
\*﻿The task was to write an introduction for an online digital art shop and up to thirty generalized descriptions that would work well in a tweet with pictures devoted to the struggle of Ukrainian people during the war. Here are a few examples. The title and artwork featured in this case were specially designed for the portfolio.

## Our Philosophy.

The Ukrainian people are fighting for their freedom and independence. They're fighting for a country where they can speak their own language, have their own culture, and brag about who they are. We are a company that is dedicated to the idea of freedom. We believe that all humans should have the ability to be free and live life in peace. 

We are Ukrainians. We are strong. We are fighting for our country and for our freedom! And this is something worth supporting! What better way to do that than with art? Digital art is not just a trend, but it's an integral part of the future of creativity. 

This shop offers art illustrations to help those who are fighting for Ukraine with a portion of profit going to fund Ukrainian army. You can show your support by contributing or making a donation.

## Digital Art Description for Twitter posts.

* Freedom is a universal human right. What does it mean to you? What does it mean to us? To Ukraine? To the world? This digital illustration depicts the struggle of Ukrainian people for their freedom and independence.
* War is a painful reality that many people face. This digital illustration depicts the story of Ukrainian struggle for freedom and independence. It is an expression of the feelings that many Ukrainians and people around the world felt about Russia's invasion.
* War is not a game. It's not something to be taken lightly, or something to be glorified. It's a serious matter that affects the lives of so many people. This artwork is meant to remind people of the horrors of war and the devastation it can bring. This artwork is a call for peace!
* In the struggle for values, truth is born. Art is a powerful medium that can be used to express truth and share it with others. Whether you're an artist or not, we want to help you find your truth through art.
* This digital art is a reminder that freedom is worth fighting for and that we must fight for it. We will never forget what it's like to be free.
* With the rise of new tyrannical regimes and a general increase in global authoritarianism, it is more important than ever to remember that our desire for freedom is what will ultimately save us.
* Freedom is what makes humans unique. It's the desire to be free that inspires revolutions and protest movements. It's what enables humans to rise and take control of their destiny.
* Freedom is worth fighting for, and dying for, and living for.The desire to be free is the most important thing in the world. You can take our lives, but you'll never take away the desire to be free.
* We are not the only ones who refuse to surrender. We are not the only ones who will never give up. We are not the only ones who refuse to be silenced.
* We will stand up for what we believe in. We will speak out when we see injustice. We will be brave enough to take a stand and say, “I am not afraid of you”. We refuse to be silenced by fear, or oppression, or violence, or hate.
* No matter how many battles we win, or how many lives we take, the desire to be free will never die. It's in our blood.
* The idea of freedom is what binds us together as a nation. And it's part of who we are as people. We're not born with the desire for freedom - it's something that has to be fought for and protected every day. ⁣⁣
* “The desire to be free is one of the deepest and most powerful yearnings of the human soul.”- Nelson Mandela. The will to be free is stronger than any bullet.
* We believe that good always wins. And we’re here to make sure of it. It’s time to take a stand for what's right.
* Life is full of ups and downs and it's easy to feel like you are fighting a losing battle. It's important not to give up, because ultimately good will prevail.
* A warrior of light is someone who fights for his freedom and the future. He is not afraid to stand up for what he believes in, even if it means fighting for it. He never gives up, and always stands strong against adversity.
* We are not here to be the victims, but the victors. We are not here to be defeated, but to be victorious.
* “The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”- Eleanor Roosevelt. Stand up for what you believe in, fight for what you love, and be the voice of the voiceless.
* This illustration is haunting and beautiful and it explores the depths of human emotion, from sorrow to rage to hope.